No guardian, I advise you to take a good look again
Master Xiao, no matter what you think
He is real
I won't smash my own sign
I will remember you
Master Xiao, don't get excited
Eyes affect judgment
I have a good ophthalmologist here
Do you want to die?
Xiao Lingtian, my birthday is not a place for you to mess around
You are not welcome here
Take your gift and leave quickly
And I officially inform you
Our engagement is cancelled
Pardon me?
Do you know the consequences of what you say?
Wei composition president position
The Shangguan family has the voice over them
So annulled the engagement
I have the final say.
Good idea.
You're all delusional.
Comrade stepping on the book
I'll make you regret it. I'm leaving
God always thank you woman
I especially like Shangguan Yarou
Favorites rise to 80
As long as you like it.
Yarou Wu boss
I just forgot the unpleasantness
Then celebrate your birthday
Bastard Chen Tianze
And the bitch Shuangguan Cattle Rearing
I'm going to make your life worse than death. Come on!
Master, wait for my life
I want to launch a general attack on the Shangguan family
I want the Shangguan family to go bankrupt